hi it's Tazz back from CES so one of the
hottest products on the show floor this
year was a toy called the ar.drone from
parrot basically what it is it's a four
propeller helicopter though they called
it a quadrocopter and it flies up in the
air left right up down and you can
navigate where this thing goes using
your iPhone now I saw this and though
they were calling it a toy I saw this
and as a filmmaker I wondered well how
do I stick a camera on that thing so I
can get some really cool flying shots
well as it turns out there already two
cameras built into it now those cameras
use to feed live video and to help with
stabilization and such but but I think
it could be a pretty cool filmmakers toy
so here's someone from the company tell
you more about the product and the
cameras take a look hi I'm also a guru
from ferrets so this is or a AR Drone
it's a it's meant to be a video game
it's the device for cell phone and I
fitch what what is iphone right now so
you can peyote to over the iphone so
here you get one camera it's the front
one and then you can film everything and
there is another one underneath you can
add the video streaming on the iphone if
you want it's also used to stabilize the
helicopter so this is the front camera
then you can swap Sean this is the under
other nice camera yeah I can shun you
and then you can have both of them yeah
it's the Pennington one in the future
yes you you you will be able to recall
the the truth video streaming and do
whatever you want now that's pretty
promising it sounds like it has the
potential recording video but here's the
bad news this is actually the second guy
that I spoke to the first guy spoke to
was more of a marketing guy with a suit
and everything he told me flat out in a
very thick French accent that there was
no way this thing was going to record
video I'm not sure why maybe was a
privacy issue maybe there's you know
some other aspects involved at I wasn't
really aware of but he made it seem like
there's just and it's just not going to
happen but then I met this guy outside
as well as a few of the other engineers
and they were like yeah absolutely
record your games he can play them back
so who's to say really what what's going
to be the case once the project is
finally released but at least it has the
potential recording video but you know
here's the thing i saw so many video
cameras at CES that were like this big
and and we're pretty light that recorded
directly to flash memory some thinking
well is it really going to make that
much of a difference to the quadrocopter
to just stick a little one of these
flash cameras in the front I suspect
you'll get a better frame rate better
quality picture using one of these tiny
little cameras just stuck on the stuck
on the nose of the quadrocopter who
knows we'll see the broccoli really soon
enough and maybe like in wrestle one out
of parrots hands but until then this is
taz for handheld Hollywood thanks for
watching